## 2018-07-15 Minutes

#### Budget
Natalie is receiving money from the Prototype fund. We could use this as a
budget for activities of Media Uncovered. To avoid any problems with
administration, especially around money, it is best we would open a bank
account.

The account needs to have a credit card, as this is used by most services on the
internet. It would be preferable if this would also be a shared bank account.

* Natalie and Theo will both look for options and present them in the next
meeting.


#### Demo
Our little demo was successful. The Prototype Fund was happy to see that we
already had something to show.


#### Tensorflow viewer
The Tensorflow viewer remains a very good viewer, for the the type of data we
are working with. It is good for exploring the data, but not as good for
creating reports/exporting data. We could use the graph libraries from our demo
to try to extend the functionality with reporting.

Since the Tensorflow viewer is hard to modify, we should still be on the lookout
for alternatives and also code in such a way, that it can be easily replaced,
if need be.

* Theo will investigate what is the best way to add reporting to the Tensorflow
Viewer, and add it to it.

#### Meta data
Our models have need of some meta data (how many documents, how many words etc).
Some of it is already stored in the database, the other metadata can be
generated with the same script that handles the training of the model.

* Natalie will add this functionality to the training script


#### Keyword mapping
A very useful view would be "Keyword mapping". The use can define groups of
keywords and it get a report of which words map the best to which groups.

* Natalie will supply Theo with a method to compute this
* Theo will add this functionality to our viewer


#### Infrastructure
There are several steps in our pipeline, starting from a newspaper article,
to a viewer to explore our model. Recently we have been focussing primarily on
the last steps. It would be good to identify all the steps we need and how they
should interact with each other, before going to deep into one of them.

* Natalie and Theo will both think of what they see as all the steps in the
complete pipeline and present them at the next meeting.


#### User testing
We were excited about user testing, but have not been able to follow through on
it. We both think we should still do that.

* Natalie will ask some people to help with this
