# 2018-04-04 Minutes 

Over the last few months the Media Uncovered project was quiet inactive. Therefore, this meeting is used to sum up the current project state and discuss our milestones for the next months.

### Current Project State

We have a newspaper crawler for the New York Times and Moscow Times which is currently not running, but for training purposes already 12000-15000 newspaper articles are available. The database server to access these documents is running.

Further, we have the functionalities to train a Word2Vec model (based on Gensim) and to evaluate how well this model captures specific semantic and grammatical categories.

We are part of the Prototype Fund which lasts for 6 months starting at the 1st of April. This includes:

- compensation for the working hours of N
- two coachings about either user-centered design or UX
  For us, user-centered design is more helpful as at our project state the most important thing is to get to know our users and their needs
- a weekly check-in via Slack to give an update on the project, current plans and also obstacles. In parallel, we introduce an internal Media Uncovered stand-up (15 minutes) at the weekends. 

Plans regarding time commitment:
- about 10-15 hours a week (N)
- no time months, afterwards one day a week (T)




### Project plans

See the following document for our goals for the next 6 months:  https://github.com/MediaUncovered/Documents/blob/master/Epics.md



### Funding

Due to bureaucracy issues only one person is funded by the Prototype Fund. However, as both contribute to the project and also money for the server infrastructure is needed, the idea is to implement a project pot to collect money for Media Uncovered.
Details will be discussed in the next meeting.



### Next steps:

- code clean up and remove unnecessary branches (N)
- work towards the 'One Newspaper' - Prototype
  visualization
- parallelize loading the stored newspaper articles for training a word embedding model with [Dask](https://dask.pydata.org/en/latest) (T)







**Next meeting: + standup:** Saturday, 21st  of April in the afternoon



 