# 2018-05-13 Minutes

### Who are our users?

Potential users for Media Uncovered are: activists, researchers, journalists, politicians, marketeers as well as civil society interested in media.
Dependent on the user group also the goals vary from exploring the media landscape, over finding evidences to support hypothesis, to identifying a medium to publish certain content.

User centered research enables us to adapt the tool to the specific user group which we want to support.

Another way to select our users is to pick a controversial topic, e.g. gender bias, right-wing media, migration, EU, and from there identify relevant actors and groups.



### Hypothesis for user tests

Media Uncovered offers the following options for working with news articles:

- explore and visualize the usage of language with interactive word clouds
- understand the evolution of topics (not straight forward to achieve with word embeddings)
- detect biases and hidden associations by mapping keywords on a certain axis

Prioritizing can be done by user needs, best effect for least effort, direct technological way. 



### Requirements for conducting user research

- We need a prototype/mock up to show ideas; best case scenario, having an offline standalone version of the embedding projector

- at least two persons guiding an interview to make sure to note everything done, not miss important questions and ensure a smooth workflow

- technical requirements: a software to share the prototype, see the user screen and how he interacts with the prototype as well as seeing the user to capture emotions and voice. (Maybe even recording it?)
  *action point:* reach out to Simon

  ​

### Action points:

- identify potential topics of interest and user groups

- fill in [value proposition canvas](https://strategyzer.com/canvas/value-proposition-canvas) to discuss our user assumptions next time

- visualization for bias detection

  ​

### Next Stand-Up:

Next weekend we will have the next meeting. Concrete time and day will be decided on Friday

